feat: support async custom functions (#1058)
stoplightio/spectral: docs/guides/custom-functions.md

If the built-in functions are not enough for your [custom ruleset](../getting-started/rulesets.md), Spectral allows you to write and use your own custom functions.

As of Spectral 5.4.0, custom functions can also be asynchronous. 

> Be aware that linting should be deterministic. That being said, please refrain from introducing any logic that is prone to non-deterministic behavior, i.e. contacting external service you have no control of, and hence cannot predict the response.

Reviewer: This could be a warning block.

```suggestion
Ideally linting should always be deterministic, which means if its run 10 times it should return the same results 10 times. To ensure this is the case, please refrain from introducing any logic that is prone to non-deterministic behavior. Examples of this might be contacting external service you have no control over, or that might be unstable, or change the way it responds over time.
```

Author: > This could be a warning block.

Do you mean the warning block from SMD?

      function: "abc"
```

#### Async Function Example

**functions/dictionary.js**

```js
const CACHE_KEY = 'dictionary';

module.exports = async function (targetVal) {
  if (!this.cache.has(CACHE_KEY)) {
    const res = await fetch('https://dictionary.com/evil');
    if (res.ok) {
      this.cache.set(CACHE_KEY, await res.json());
    } else {

>       // you can either re-try or just throw an error

Reviewer 2: @P0lip What's the effect from throwing from within a function? Does the whole process crash down? Do we get a special kind of result or a console log?

From the function writer standpoint, what kind of code should be written 
- if I don't want this failure being unnoticed
- if I prefer to see a CI build fail rather than having it pass for the wrong reasons

_Note:_ I know this is kind off-topic with regards to the scope of the PR but... well... this is documentation and, to be honest, the doco actually lacks guidance about this.

_Note 2:_ If you prefer this to be dealt with later, could you please log an issue to keep track of that?

Author: > @P0lip What's the effect from throwing from within a function? Does the whole process crash down? Do we get a special kind of result or a console log?

We'd get a console.log, same as we do when any other custom function throws an exception.
The whole process would still keep on going.

> if I prefer to see a CI build fail rather than having it pass for the wrong reasons

I'd return a regular error, i.e.
```
return [{ message: 'Network error. The check could not be performed' }]
```

Reviewer 2: @P0lip That's very valuable info. I've logged #1096 as I think this deserves a doco section of its own.

    }
  }

  const dictionary = this.cache.get(CACHE_KEY);

  if (dictionary.includes(targetVal)) {
    return [{ message: `\`${targetVal}\` is a forbidden word.` }];
  }
};
```

**my-ruleset.yaml**

```yaml
functions: [dictionary]
rules:

>   my-rule:

Reviewer 2: `no-evil-words:`?

Author: Oh yeah, true.
```suggestion
  no-evil-words:
```
